feat(3359): Add rootless buildkitd docker image  based on the moby/buildkit (#1)
screwdriver-cd/buildkit-rootless: README.md

# buildkit-rootless

[![Build Status][build-image]][build-url]
[![Latest Release][version-image]][version-url]
[![Open Issues][issues-image]][issues-url]

This container image launches a rootless BuildKit daemon inside Screwdriver.cd build environments. It is based on the rootless variant of [moby/buildkit](https://github.com/moby/buildkit), with the following modifications:

- Additional TLS-related scripts to enable secure (TLS) communication.
- A default buildkitd.toml configuration file for convenient, out-of-the-box usage.

By running this image, you can take advantage of Docker builds in a rootless context, helping to maintain a more secure and isolated environment.

## Usage

### Docker

```bash
## run buildkitd container
$ docker run -d -p 1234:1234 --name buildkit-container screwdrivercd/buildkit-rootless --addr tcp://0.0.0.0:1234

## create remote builder in buildkitd container
$ docker buildx create --name remote-buildkit --driver remote tcp://localhost:1234

## build image with remote builder
$ docker buildx use remote-buildkit
$ docker buildx build -t <org>/<name>:<tag> --push .
```

## License

> This repository is licensed under the same Apache License 2.0 terms as moby/buildkit.  
> Please see the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for the full text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code licensed under the BSD 3-Clause license.  Please see the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for terms.
```
This is how we've been handling the Apache 2 license in our other repositories

Author: I've fixed to match the other repositories.
